= zipcode_locator

Locate place with the help of Zip code API within a given distance by inputting zipcode. 

= Usage

To use this gem, first you need to register your application at Zipcode API
visit https://www.zipcodeapi.com/Register, give your application name and email, then obtain an apikey which can be used to communicate with zipcode apis.

apikey = "xxxxxxxx"

then, 

gem install zipcode_locator

@object = ZipcodeLocator.new(apikey)


= Zipcode Locator methods

== Zipcode Distance

@object.distance_between_zipcodes(zipcode1, zipcode2)

== Zipcodes By Radius

@object.get_zipcodes_by_radius(zipcode, radius)

== Find close Zipcodes

@object.find_close_zipcodes(zipcodes_array, distance)

== Zipcode to Location info

@object.zipcode_location_info(zipcode)

== Multi Zipcodes to Location info

@object.multi_zipcodes_location_info(zipcode_array)

== Location to Zipcodes

@object.get_zipcodes_by_locations(city, state)



== Contributing to zipcode_locator
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2016 anildias. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

